bike_ticket
===========
11/24/14
6:15pm

I was pulled over by LAPD crossing through an intersection. The light was not red. It was ~5:35pm and dusk. This is one of the busiest times in downtown los angeles. It is very clear when lights are red and green. When lights are red there is always heavy cross traffic, I rode through a completely clear intersection. In addition, I was nearly blind-sided, and run into the curb by the officer 1 pulling me over between 8th and 9th street in front of Umami Burger. A car is not a weapon against a bicyclist and should not be used as a method of pulling over a bicyclist. Officer was initially very aggressive. I calmly questioned why I was being pulled over and officer 1 demanded my id. I complied. I continued to question why I was being pulled over, officer 1 said I ran a red light. I stated I did not run a red light. Officer 1 continued to tell me I ran a red light. Officer 1 wrote me a ticket for running a red light. I stated again, I did not ride through a red light. Officer 1 asked me to sign a ticket. I asked for information regarding bicycling in los angeles, both laws and required safety equipment. Officer 1 replied, "do you have a drivers license?" I stated yes. He replied, "the laws are the same as a car". I asked how much the fine was going to be. Officer 1 stated I needed to sign the ticket. I asked again how much I could expect the fine to be. Officer 1 asked if I was a student. Officer 2 stated I could go to court and say I was a student and that the fine is a lot of money... I stated I was a student, part-time, but a teacher full-time. Officer then released me.
